Add support for show_col_types for edition 1 parser (#1332)
tidyverse/readr: NEWS.md

# readr (development version)

> * `read_table()` and edition 1 parsers gain support for `show_col_types()` (#1331)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `read_table()`, `read_log()`, and `read_delim_chunked()` gain the `show_col_types` argument found elsewhere. All `read_*()` functions now respect the `show_col_types` argument or option even when using the first edition parsing engine (#1331).
```
